1) How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Fill in your answer here
	>It helped to find the code which was changed from the working version to the non-working version

2) How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here
	>If the code goes wrong then working code can be retrived by accessing the entire history of the file
	
3) What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here
	>Pros: one commit for one logical change in code
		   less number of commits which makes debugging easier
	>Cons: programmer has to decide when to commit, he cud be wrong at sometime
			Eg: commiting very late or too soon
			
4) Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here
	>Git is specially for saving different versions of files used for developing a program/app or project
	>So different files may be interrelated to one another or need to be tracked together.
    	Eg: a file may contain a function which is defined in another file
	>Thus,Git allow saving multiple files in one commit as different files may be affected if change is made
		in one file.
		
	>Google Docs, on the other hand, doesnot have interrelated files so it treats each file separately
	

5) How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here
	>git log --stat is used to view which files are changed displaying the commit id and other insertion and deletion info
	>git log is used to view which files are changed displaying the commit id and o
	>git diff is used to compare two different commits displaying the details of codes changed in the particular commit
	

	
6) How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here
	>Version control helps to makes changes and debug the project in long term running of the project where manual debugging is
	almost impossible as after many years the developer may forgot the code himself so a version control where different commits are made
    plays important role.
	
	>With git we can explore the code at low level and make significant changes without the fear of breaking the code.
	
	>It helps to explore deep architectural concept within the program and rethink the entire code base.
	